1. Enter the number of hours it took you to complete the project between
   the <<< and >>> signs below (eg, <<<10>>>).

   <<<2>>>
   
2. Enter the difficulty level (1: very easy; 5: very difficult) of the project
   between the <<< and >>> signs below (eg, <<<3>>>).

   <<<4>>>

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS110 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   ...                ...          ...

4. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Wind Chill)
      Approach: In this problem first I had to get the numbers from the terminal and store it into a float variable.
      Next I created a if and elif statement to check if the temperature is less than 50 degrees and
      the wind above 3mph Then I created a variable and stored the equation that the writeup gave us.
      Lastly I displayed the answer onto the terminal.

      Issues and resolution: I had difficulty with converting the equation that was given to me to python code
      It caused me to try to write and test the equation on multiple occasions to make sure I put the parenthesis
      in the correct place. I did not put enough parenthesis in between (0.4275 * t) - 35.75. but found out I
      should have added an extra set of parenthesis in between. After fixing it, the answer displayed was correct.

   Problem 2 (Day of the Week)
      Approach: In this problem first I had to get the numbers from the terminal and store it into a int variable.
      Next I created multiple int variable and stored the equation that the writeup gave us to find the exact date.
      Then I used if and elif statements and set each number 0-6 equal to sunday to saturday. Lastly I displayed the
      date onto the terminal from the input.

      Issues and resolution: I had difficulty with converting the equation that was given to me to python code
      It caused me to try test the equation on multiple occasions to make sure I was converting
      the equation to the right format. I did not variable of the equation to an int, and I used regular division.
      But found out I needed to convert the variable to in by having int() around the equation.
      I also had to se floor division // instead of regular division /. After fixing it, the answer
      displayed was correct.

   Problem 3 (Playing Card)
      Approach: In this problem first I had first randomized a number between 2 and 15 to represent each of the cards
      Next I randomized a number between 1 and 5 to represent each of the suits. Then I used if and elif
      statements to set the random number equal to a card that represents the same number and a number
      that represents a certain suit. Lastly I displayed the card and the suit onto the screen.

      Issues and resolution: I had difficulty trying to figure out how to not use each number
      to represent that same number using an if and elif statement. It caused me to use lots of
      elif statements in my code. I did not need to write all the extra elif statements.
      But found out I use an else statement and convert the random number to a string instead of using a bunch of
      elif statements. After fixing it, I used alot less code than I did first.

   Problem 4 (Root Finding)
      Approach: First in this problem I stored the 3 numbers from the terminal to int adn float vaiables.
      next I created a while loop that repeated until s |1 − c/tk| > . Next inside of that while loop I
      remplaced t with the kth root of c. Lastly when the while loop fiinshed I displayed t to the terminal.

      Issues and resolution: I had difficulty converting the equation that was given to me to code that python
      can compile correctly. It caused me to try to write and test the equation on multiple occasions to make sure I
      put the parenthesis in the right places, so it can calucate the numbers in the right order. I had to surround
      the two parts of the equation with parathesis. (t ** k - c) / (k * t ** (k - 1)). Not doing this caused a logic
      error in my code. After fxing it the code produced the right output

   Problem 5 (Greatest Common Divisor)
      Approach: First I had to store number from the terminl into int variables. Next I created a while loop
      that ran until loops until p is divisible by q. After that I extange the ntwo variables with each other
      and mod them. I did that by creataing a temparary vaiable and using that to as q. After that I dsipayed
      the answer onto the terminal.

      Issues and resolution: I had diffuclty trying you figure out how I will exange q and p and storing the module
      of them into q. It caused me to try to find a soluation to it by using another variable. But I found
      out that I neede to create a temparary variable called temp and set it eqaul to q, so then I can change q
      around a still replace it with p. After that I was able to set p = to q and q = q % p while keeping the
      valuse consistant

   Problem 6 (Fibonacci Number)
      Approach: First stored the number from the terminl into int variable. Next I set values
      to the first three numbers of the Fibonacci sequence. Then I created a while loop to  until it find
      the number of the sequence you inputed. Next I created a temparary vaiable to store b so b can be changed
      and still be the same number from the terminal. Next I used the logic in the writeup to the next numbers
      of the Fibonacci sequence and incrented i so the loop will stop. Lastly I displad the vaiable b onto
      the terminal

      Issues and resolution: I had no issues with this problem. The directions of this problem were well
      expained and very simple. I aslo knew do this problem beause I used the information I learned from the
      last problem of using a temparary variable in order to save the variable b and give a that value.

   Problem 7 (Sum of Powers)
      Approach: In this problem first I had to get the numbers from the terminal and store it into a
      float variable. Then I had to create a variable to store the total. Next I had to create of for loop
      that created i and incrment it unitl it got to the number n + 1. Then I took the power of I and stored
      it in the total, after that I display the total onto the terminal.


      Issues and resolution: I had diffuclty trying to figure out which loop I should use to find the
      total. It caused me to try to use different kinds of interation like the while loop. doing that caused me to
      add extra lines of code. But I found out  the easier loop to use in this problem is the for loop because
      it can create a incrpment value for you instead of maniually doing it yourself in the while loop. After fixing it
      I saved lines of code and the code is much more clearer.

   Problem 8 (Dragon Curve)
      Approach: First in this problem I had to get the number of curves from the dragon from the treminal and store
      it into a int variable n. Then I had to create variables to store the dragons curve "L" and "R". After that I created
      a for loop to loop from 1 to n. Then add the curves to the dragon variable that was created in the for loop by
      concating the string with the "L" and "R" curve. After that I displayed the String onto the terminal.

      Issues and resolution: In this problem, there were no issues for me. Most of the requirements that was needed
      for this problem to work, I already knew how to do it because oof the previous problems. I knew I needed a for loop
      due to the sum of powers problem. I knew I need to create a temparary, so I can concatate the curves together from the
      Fibonacci Number problem.

   Problem 9 (Perfect Numbers)
      Approach: In this problem first I needed to get the perfect numbers that are less than or equal to n and store it
      into a variable. Next I had to create a for loop that loop from 2 to n + 1 in order to find the perfect numbers in between.
      After that I created a total vaiable to store the perfect numbers in it. Then I created a second for loop to check if from i
      to i // 2 + 1. After that I created an if statment to hecks if the i is divisible vy j, then add j to the total. Lastly I
      created the final if stament that displays i when it was equal to the total.

      Issues and resolution:  I had diffuclty trying to figure out how to make the steps that the problem gave me to python code
      using if, for, and while statments. It caused me to be very confused on which statment i should use. Doing that caused me to
      test different staments. But I found out that I neede to use a nested for loop and use i as one of the agruments for it.
      for i in range(2, n + 1): and for j in range(1, i // 2 + 1):. Because of using a nested loop it allowed to set the total and check the
      mod after each other.


   Problem 10 (Ramanujan Numbers)
      Approach: First I had to get the max number in the terminal and store it into a int variable. Next I stored the value a into
      1. Then I created the 6 nested while loops and followed the equations in the write-up. Next I had to set the variables equal to
      each other to and add a + 1 to it. Next I had to display the code correctly using strings. After that I unlcued if staments
      to get the x variable. Lasly that I had to add one to each of the variables d+=1 to a+= 1.

      Issues and resolution: I had diffuclty trying to make sure the string exactly like the example they gave to us. It caused me
      many trail and errors trying to make the String correctly right. Doing that caused the output on the terminal to be correct but adding it
      to gradscope did not make it work. But After a little while of testing, I added an extra space at the end of the last number. After
      fixing, it worked on gradescope


5. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   This assiment went well. Most of the problems were diffcult enough to make me think deeply and use problem solving
   while it being easy enough not to spend hours on a single problem. This allowed me to wokr on conditional staments
   int python. I feel like I have gotten aalot better at programming since I started this problem. I am getting better at
   problem-solving also every time I complete a project .
   ...
